Welcome back.
It's time to code our own stack.
And I have a little exercise for you here.
I've created the template of what we want our stack data structure to look like.
And we also have a class of node if you decide to use that and you should be familiar with it from our
link list exercise, or you can just ignore it and then create a new node yourself in here.
Now this stack is going to have in its constructor three properties.
We have the top, which is remember the top plate, we have the bottom, which is the bottom plate,
and then we have length of zero and both top and bottom are currently null.
Now we're going to be using linked lists to fill these values, but we don't need to use the length
list class that we've used before.
Instead, you can just use the node class to simply assign different values and make sure that the dock
next points to a different node as we add things.
Now your task is to create three methods that work for this data structure.
PEEK Which lets us see the very top element.
Or top node, the push which lets us add a node to the top of the stack and a pop which lets us remove
from the top of the stack.
And if you want to optionally you can also do an is empty method which is common with a stack to check
that.
Our stack is empty.
We'll start off with a mistake that gets instantiated.
And your code works.
If it can do something like this where you say my stack, dot push, let's say Google, then push Udemy,
push discord just like a browser history.
And then you can pop discord, then pop Udemy.
Pop Google.
Good luck and I'll see you in the solution.
VIDEO Bye bye.